### Trend Strategies

Trend strategies generate signals based on a trend indicator.

- [Absolute Price Oscillator Strategy](#absolute-price-oscillator-strategy)
- [Aroon Strategy](#aroon-strategy)
- [Balance of Power Strategy](#balance-of-power-strategy)
- [Chande Forecast Oscillator Strategy](#chande-forecast-oscillator-strategy)
- [MACD Strategy](#macd-strategy)
- [KDJ Strategy](#kdj-strategy)
- [Parabolic SAR Strategy](#parabolic-sar-strategy)
- [Typical Price Strategy](#typical-price-strategy)
- [Volume Weighted Moving Average (VWMA) Strategy](#volume-weighted-moving-average-vwma-strategy)
- [Vortex Strategy](#vortex-strategy)

#### Absolute Price Oscillator Strategy

The [absolutePriceOscillatorStrategy] uses the values that are generated by the [Absolute Price Oscillator (APO)](../../indicator/trend/index.md#absolute-price-oscillator-apo) indicator to provide a _BUY_ action when the _AO_ is greather than zero, and _SELL_ action when _AO_ is less than zero, otherwise _HOLD_ action.

```TypeScript
import {absolutePriceOscillatorStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = absolutePriceOscillatorStrategy(fastPeriod, slowPeriod, asset);
```

The [defaultAbsolutePriceOscillatorStrategy] uses the values that are generated by the [defaultAbsolutePriceOscillator](../../indicator/trend/index.md#absolute-price-oscillator-apo).

```TypeScript
import {defaultAbsolutePriceOscillatorStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = defaultAbsolutePriceOscillatorStrategy(asset);
```

#### Aroon Strategy

The [aroonStrategy](./aroonStrategy.ts) uses the values that are generated by the [Aroon Indicator](../../indicator/trend/index.md#aroon-indicator) to provide a _BUY_ action when the _up_ is greather than _down_, and _SELL_ action when _up_ is less than _down_, otherwise _HOLD_ action.

```TypeScript
import {aroonStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = aroonStrategy(asset);
```

#### Balance of Power Strategy

The [balanceOfPowerStrategy](./balanceOfPowerStrategy.ts) uses the values that are generated by the [Balance of Power (BOP)](../../indicator/trend/index.md#balance-of-power-bop) indicator to provide a _BUY_ action when the _BOP_ is greather than zero, and _SELL_ action when _BOP_ is less than zero, otherwise _HOLD_ action.

```TypeScript
import {balanceOfPowerStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = balanceOfPowerStrategy(asset);
```

#### Chande Forecast Oscillator Strategy

The [chandeForecastOscillatorStrategy](./chandeForecastOscillatorStrategy.ts) uses _cfo_ values that are generated by the [Chande Forecast Oscillator (CFO)](../../indicator/trend/index.md#chande-forecast-oscillator-cfo) indicator function to provide a BUY action when _cfo_ is below zero, and SELL action when _cfo_ is above zero.

```TypeScript
import {chandeForecastOscillatorStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = chandeForecastOscillatorStrategy(asset);
```

#### KDJ Strategy

The [kdjStrategy](./kdjStrategy.ts) function uses the _k_, _d_, _j_ values that are generated by the [Random Index (KDJ)](../../indicator/trend/index.md#random-index-kdj) indicator function to provide a BUY action when _k_ crosses above _d_ and _j_. It is stronger when below 20%. Also the SELL action is when _k_ crosses below _d_ and _j_. It is strong when above 80%.

```TypeScript
import {kdjStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = kdjStrategy(asset);
```

#### MACD Strategy

The [macdStrategy](./macdStrategy.ts) uses the _macd_, and _signal_ values that are generated by the [Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD)](../../indicator/trend/index.md#moving-average-convergence-divergence-macd) indicator function to provide a BUY action when _macd_ crosses above _signal_, and SELL action when _macd_ crosses below _signal_.

```TypeScript
import {macdStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = macdStrategy(asset);
```

#### Parabolic SAR Strategy

The [parabolicSarStrategy](./parabolicSarStrategy.ts) uses the values that are generated by the [Parabolic SAR](../../indicator/trend/index.md#parabolic-sar) indicator function to provide a _BUY_ action when the trend is _FALLING_, and _SELL_ action when the trend is _RISING_, and _HOLD_ action when the trend is _STABLE_.

```TypeScript
import {parabolicSarStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = parabolicSarStrategy(asset);
```

#### Typical Price Strategy

The [typicalPriceStrategy](./typicalPriceStrategy.ts) uses the values that are generated by the [Typical Price](../../indicator/trend/index.md#typical-price) indicator function to provide a _BUY_ action when the value is greather than the previous value, and _SELL_ action when the value is less than the previous value, and _HOLD_ action when value is equal to the previous value.

```TypeScript
import {typicalPriceStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = typicalPriceStrategy(asset);
```

#### Volume Weighted Moving Average (VWMA) Strategy

The [vwmaStrategy](./vwmaStrategy.ts) function uses SMA and VWMA indicators to provide a _BUY_ action when VWMA is above SMA, and a _SELL_ signal when VWMA is below SMA, a _HOLD_ signal otherwse.

```TypeScript
import { vwmaStrategy } from 'indicatorts';

const actions = vwmaStrategy(period, asset);
```

The [defaultVwmaStrategy](./vwmaStrategy.ts) function can be used with the default period of 20.

```TypeScript
import { defaultVwmaStrategy } from 'indicatorts';

const actions = defaultVwmaStrategy(asset);
```

#### Vortex Strategy

The [vortexStrategy](./vortexStrategy.ts) uses the values that are generated by the [Vortex Indicator](../../indicator/trend/index.md#vortex-indicator) indicator function to provide a _BUY_ action when the _plusVi_ is greather than the _minusVi_, and _SELL_ action when the _plusVi_ is less than the _minusVi_, and _HOLD_ action when the _plusVi_ is equal to the _minusVi_.

```TypeScript
import {vortexStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = vortexStrategy(asset);
```

## Disclaimer

The information provided on this project is strictly for informational purposes and is not to be construed as advice or solicitation to buy or sell any security.

## License

Copyright (c) 2022 Onur Cinar. All Rights Reserved.

The source code is provided under MIT License.
