### Volatility Strategies

Volatility strategies generate signals based on a volatility indicator.

- [Acceleration Bands Strategy](#acceleration-bands-strategy)
- [Bollinger Bands Strategy](#bollinger-bands-strategy)
- [Projection Oscillator Strategy](#projection-oscillator-strategy)

#### Acceleration Bands Strategy

The [accelerationBandsStrategy](./accelerationBandsStrategy.ts) uses the _upperBand_, and _lowerBand_ values that are generated by the [Acceleration Bands](../../indicator/volatility/index.md#acceleration-bands) indicator function to provide a _BUY_ action when closing is greather than or equals to _upperBand_, a _SELL_ action otherwise.

```TypeScript
import {accelerationBandsStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = accelerationBandsStrategy(asset);
```

#### Bollinger Bands Strategy

The [bollingerBandsStrategy](./bollingerBandsStrategy.ts) uses the _upperBand_, and _lowerBand_ values that are generated by the [Bollinger Bands](../../indicator/volatility/index.md#bollinger-bands) indicator function to provide a _SELL_ action when the asset's closing is above the _upperBand_, and a _BUY_ action when the asset's closing is below the _lowerBand_ values, a _HOLD_ action otherwise.

```TypeScript
import {bollingerBandsStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = bollingerBandsStrategy(asset);
```

#### Projection Oscillator Strategy

The [projectionOscillatorStrategy](./projectionOscillatorStrategy.ts) uses _po_ and _spo_ values that are generated by the [Projection Oscillator (PO)](../../indicator/volatility/index.md#projection-oscillator-po) indicator function to provide a BUY action when _po_ is above _spo_, and SELL action when _po_ is below _spo_.

```TypeScript
import {projectionOscillatorStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = projectionOscillatorStrategy(asset);
```

## Disclaimer

The information provided on this project is strictly for informational purposes and is not to be construed as advice or solicitation to buy or sell any security.

## License

Copyright (c) 2022 Onur Cinar. All Rights Reserved.

The source code is provided under MIT License.
