### Momentum Strategies

Momentum strategies generate signals based on a momentum indicator.

- [Awesome Oscillator Strategy](#awesome-oscillator-strategy)
- [Ichimoku Cloud Strategy](#ichimoku-cloud-strategy)
- [Stochastic Oscillator Strategy](#stochastic-oscillator-strategy)
- [Williams R Strategy](#williams-r-strategy)

#### Awesome Oscillator Strategy

The [awesomeOscillatorStrategy](./awesomeOscillatorStrategy.ts) uses the _ao_ values that are generated by the [Awesome Oscillator](../../indicator/momentum/index.md#awesome-oscillator) indicator function to provide a SELL action when the _ao_ is below zero, and a BUY action when _ao_ is above zero.

```TypeScript
import {awesomeOscillatorStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = awesomeOscillatorStrategy(asset);
```

#### Ichimoku Cloud Strategy

The [ichimokuCloudStrategy](./ichimokuCloudStrategy.ts) uses the _ao_ values that are generated by the [Ichimoku Cloud](../../indicator/momentum/index.md#ichimoku-cloud) indicator function to provide a _BUY_ action when the _leadingSpanA_ is greather than _leadingSpanB_, and a _SELL_ action when the _leadingSpanA_ is less than _leadingSpanB_, and a _HOLD_ action when _leadingSpanA_ is equal to _leadingSpanB_.

```TypeScript
import {ichimokuCloudStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = ichimokuCloudStrategy(asset);
```

#### Stochastic Oscillator Strategy

The [stochasticOscillatorStrategy](./ichimokuCloudStrategy.ts) uses the _ao_ values that are generated by the [Stochastic Oscillator](../../indicator/momentum/index.md#stochastic-oscillator) indicator function to provide a _BUY_ action when _k_ and _d_ are less than 20, a _SELL_ action when the _k_ and _d_ are greather than 80, a _HOLD_ action otherwise.

```TypeScript
import {stochasticOscillatorStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = stochasticOscillatorStrategy(asset);
```

#### Williams R Strategy

The [williamsRStrategy](./williamsRStrategy.ts) uses the _wr_ values that are generated by the [Williams R](../../indicator/momentum/index.md#williams-r) indicator function to provide a SELL action when the _wr_ is below -20, and a BUY action when _wr_ is above -80.

```TypeScript
import {williamsRStrategy} from 'indicatorts';

const actions = williamsRStrategy(asset);
```

## Disclaimer

The information provided on this project is strictly for informational purposes and is not to be construed as advice or solicitation to buy or sell any security.

## License

Copyright (c) 2022 Onur Cinar. All Rights Reserved.

The source code is provided under MIT License.
